docs: integrate dagger.json schema into module config (#8923)
dagger/dagger: docs/current_docs/configuration/modules.mdx

# Modules

Modules can be configured by editing their `dagger.json` file. The configuration in there contains all module metadata - from the name of the module and the SDK it uses, to the dependencies it requires. An initial configuration is automatically generated when using `dagger init` or `dagger develop` for the first time, and is kept up-to-date with `dagger config`/`dagger install`/etc.

> You can find the entire JSON schema for allowed settings [here](https://docs.dagger.io/reference/dagger.schema.json).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, refer to the [JSON schema for the Dagger module configuration file](https://docs.dagger.io/reference/dagger.schema.json).
```

`[here]` is not a great label when the site is indexed
